fake news is everywhere every time you
turn on your TV every YouTube video
every time a politician opens his mouth
soon the news as you know it will change
it won't allow for controversy it's too
hurtful to speak your mind everyone
needs to be politically correct we need
to be careful not to step on any toes
this is of course first to be censored
then to be enforced by the Iron Fist of
government Obama has done it again you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you today let's talk about what
Obama has
done what I'm discussing is the National
Defense authorization act but this is
for fiscal year
2017 this was first signed by
Obama a few years ago on December 31st
so it's only fitting we get the next
year's version of that for those who
don't know about the
ndaa essentially it makes the president
not just Obama but any future president
a dictator and I'll explain why I'm not
exaggerating when I say
that the president whoever that is under
just
suspicion of working or aiding and
abetting a
terrorist can be indefinitely
detained and the language used in the
law is so vague that they can actually
do whatever they want to anyone they
want whether that is domestic or
foreign and this here shows you how
powerful
the governments have become and in
saying that it's really gone above the
government nobody stops it from
happening there aren't any alarm Bells
going off but yet here it is another
year of
tyranny for anyone interested here I'm
going to put the link for the actual
bill itself that previous one wasn't the
bill itself this is the the bill and
essentially it goes through a bunch of
things here I'm not going to read them
to you but if you're interested to read
that President signs Portman Murphy
counter propaganda bill into
law wait a second what are we talking
about
here right this is part of fiscal year
2017 and
daa the Port Murphy Bill promotes
coordinated strategy to defend America
allies against propaganda and
disinformation from Russia China and
others they are specifically naming
China and
Russia and they're considering this to
be countering the disinformation and
propaganda what we are talking about
here without reading the whole thing is
essentially all this fake news and about
the whole
claim that Russia was involved in
Trump's Victory the whole election
situation this comes into law now now
why would the National Defense
authorization act generally used as a
means to just kill
people is now what I find
oftentimes these things that are signed
into
law
are
generally a lot of them have nothing to
do these little Provisions these little
pieces that they put in there often have
nothing to do with the initial intention
of that law but they can just sneak it
in there you
know when you get the president to just
sign things into law through
memorandums or through uh any of these
uh orders that they put through it
doesn't matter anymore they've gone far
beyond and over over their heads and you
know that it's not the president acting
out because if the president was acting
out against the will of those who
control him from above he would lose his
post we know that or he would be
killed what about this judge indicts
former Argentine president incorruption
case this has been going on for quite
some time I covered it a little bit a
while back as it was taking place place
and this here shows you that when they
want you out you're gone you're not
going to be in if you're not willing to
do the Dirty
Work the IMF through its support behind
its leader Christine lagard on Monday
despite her conviction in a French court
on charges of misusing public funds so
this one is a little bit hazy because
she's you know really taking fire right
now apparently not going to do jail time
but she is in
fact um facing charges here so this here
shows you that those in the top
positions if they get themselves into
trouble I personally believe that they
are in the inner or not longer in the
Inner Circle Circle something happened
along the way or maybe they need to push
them aside I don't understand all of the
details of that because a lot of it goes
you know underneath stuffed under these
uh under the carpet swept under the rug
is you know what I
mean IMF Chief lagard has left France
before the verdict I don't know how you
can get away with that but here it
is and it brings me back to Strauss con
if you remember back in 2011 arrested in
New York and accused of assaulting a
housekeeper at a hotel those charges get
dropped but in the aftermath allegations
of sexual misconduct including sexual
harassment and attempted rape surfaced
so this individual here facing all these
charges and he was in big
trouble what happened here I believe now
it happens to be two people the head of
the IMF in a row I don't know but to me
me if you're getting in trouble you're
one of the top
people they want you out it's a new
world order it's a change of structure
they're reshuffling they're
redesigning the
order I don't know what's happening but
it generally that would tell me that
something is being disrupted that's
all and the reason I say this is because
look at what happened this article here
going back dating back CNN talking about
Paula
Jones and Bill Clinton for those who
don't know but I'm sure everyone by now
knows settled out of court with Paula
Jones in the sexual harassment case
$850,000
settling the sexual harassment charge
that
apparently you know he claims never
happened and all those on his side claim
never happened but yet he in fact
settled out of court that's usually a
very telling
sign but here we
are if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs
up all these videos and others that you
support out
there they could be under Fire
in the future and I really really hope
that that isn't the case yes we can
always go onto our own websites which I
do suggest other people do you can
choose alternate websites not just on
YouTube but it's the entire Internet
it's all media which is under Fire right
now if you found the video informative I
know you'll find my book The Money GPS s
even more
informative I've taken the most
complicated subject and was able to
simplify it and I use charts and
diagrams to do so if you want to look
through the book just head over to
Amazon where they have a look inside
feature that allows you to flip through
the pages of the book and see if you
like it take care